# Configuring online and offline devices

Welcome. Configuration of your devices is the single most useful functionality in DMP user interface. You can query the configuration of one device and modify it on the same screen. The device will receive the change request immediately if is connected, or as soon as it connects.
To see the configuration of one device you need to click on it first. Here you can see three tabs. The second is the one. The title of this tab is the type of your device. Below you can find the version. As with user modules, you can pin the version by clicking on this icon. This will tell the platform that you want this firmware version to be inforced. If the version changes, because someone upgraded or downgraded it from the device's interface for example, the pinned version will be sent to install immediately.
Below the tab title is the whole configuration grouped by sections. Respect the organization of the device itself, so you can find the properties in the same place.
When you select a section you'll find all the properties on the right side. Initially none of them are changed by the platform so you can see the value the device reported. If you want to change that value, click on the toggle button on its left, and change it to the value you want. To save the changes you made you have to go to the bottom of the page and press submit. Otherwise the changes will be lost. Notice the section name on the left now has a green icon. This indicates the configuration was applied successfully. You also get a notification at the bottom of the page, but as that one is temporary, is good to know you can always check the sync status of that section on the section name. If your device is disconnected you will see that the icon shows the values are not yet applied, but as soon as the device connects the changes will be applied and the section will be in Sync.
When you claim a device you'll see it on your devices list, but if it never connected to the plattform, the tab will pop a configuration message. This happens because the platform doesn't know what firmware the device really has. Different firmware versions may potentially have different properties, so the platform won't assume the firmware version for you. If you know the exact version you can select it here, but if you don't know you can queue a firmware version to be installed when the device comes online. When that device finally connects, you'll see the new version is installed and your changes applied.
If you would like all devices to have the same firmware, you can do so from the devices screen. If you have more than one company you need to select one, then select all devices you want to upgrade, let's say all of them. Then scroll down to the end of the page and click on Upgrade Firmware. To confirm your selection use the selected devices number at the top right and the information icon to the right of the device type. You have to select the version for all device types as they may potentially have different ones.