# Installing or upgrading User Modules

----------------This is what the video will say. It will be deleted from this page once the video is uploaded----------------
Welcome. In this video we will go through the User Modules tab in the individual device screen. A User Module is expected to have this state: The platform knows what the user module is and the version installed. But it could also happen that the User module is tagged as Unknown. In this case for example, Daily reboot is considered Unknown. Let's go to the User Module installation screen, here you can see the platform has knowledge of Daily Reboot, but the version dropdown is empty. If we click on it we see the version the device has is not available. DMP does not know if the version on the device has the same properties, so it doesn't allow modification. You can change the version, in this case upgrade it, to allow modification from the platform. Let's do that. Now that we have Daily Reboot on a version DMP knows, we can also edit its properties.
Another type of Unknown User Module is the one that doesn't exists at all in any version. For example, we know this device has the hmpclient User Module, but if we go to Install User Modules we won't find it. This means there is no way to change this module from the plattform, at least now. There is a how-to on hoe to add your own custom user module to the platform if you are interested in know more about it. For now at least, the only thing we could do is to delete this unknown User Module. This one in particular is the client for DMP Gen 1, so let's go ahead and delete it.
By now you probably noticed the pin icon in all User Modules. This functionality allows to indicate the platform you always want this version of the user module on the device. If we attempt to change the version the platform will overwrite it. For example, we just updated Daily Reboot to a newer version. Let's suppose we want to be sure this version doesn't change, so we can always configure it from DMP. Let's pin this version. Now let's go to the device's web interface and change it again. Here you can see DMP got notified of the change and forced the pinned version to be reinstalled.
If we try to pin an unknown user module, we'll always be denied. This is because DMP doesn't know the User Module, so is not in a position to force the version. It simply doesn't have the User Module binary to install remotely.
Pinning is also applicable to firmware so if we go to the device configuration tab we can see the same icon with the same behaviour.
Let's see in the next video how to configure a device's main application, its firmware.