# Searching, filtering and Sorting devices.


----------------This is what the video will say. It will be deleted from this page once the video is uploaded----------------
Welcome. In this video we'll explain the use of all controls in the Devices page. They are specially useful when you manage many devices.
The devices list is probably the most used screen on the UI. It is the page where you'll find the device you want to monitor or configure. Filter, search and sort will help you to find it.
Sorting is straightforward. Here we have many criteria we can choose to sort our devices. They are not stackable like the filter. This means we have to select one sort criteria at a time.
Let suppose you know your device has an alias with its building name on it. Let's search that. If we write "building 5" we will get the only device that has that in its name. The string we wrote was searched on the device alias, it's mac address and serial number, and the company and group it belongs to.
Now suppose what you know is the device was online but someone disconnected it by mistake. From the plattform point of view the device is offline but probably synchronised. So if we click on the online/offline button twice we get the offline devices, and if we now click on the In Sync button once we will get the synchronised devices. This should greatly reduce the list of devices we are searching for, X devices in my case. This helps to ilustrate that this filters are cumulative, they add conditions the devices need to meet.
The next filter is device type. Here you can see all device types the platform has knowledge of. You can select several types but if you want to remove this filter you need to deselect them all one by one. The remaining filter is the tag. It is the solution when the other filters can't help. Select all devices you need and apply the one tag, let's say "Need FW upgrade". We move to the next page and do the same. Now we can filter by this tag and select them all.
Selecting many devices is useful for the three bulk actions at the bottom of the page. We can set groups, update firmware and, as we already did, set tags.
First of all we can select multiple devices of the same company only. If we select more than one company, these checkboxes are disabled.
Here in the devices per page dropdown we can show up to 50 devices in one page. It may well be that we need to select devices that are in other pages also. Let's supposse now we want to select all in sync devices with a specific tag to upgrade their firmware. We filter by In Sync and by upgrade firmware tag and now we can select them all. The screen for fw upgrade is simple. We select the firmware we want for all the device types involved and we can just apply. All connected devices will be upgraded immediately, and the rest, as soon as they connect back.
