# General structure of the UI

<HERE THE VIDEO>

The UI is divided into these categories:
## Dashboard
## Devices
## Users
## Companies


----------------This is what the video will say. It will be deleted from this page once the video is uploaded----------------

Welcome. In this video we will show you the WebAccess DMP UI. We will use the test environment staging.wadmp.com especially to see how the screens look with a bunch of our test devices connected and actively reporting monitoring data.
When we login for the first time on a browser we are redirected to the login screen. We use email addresses as the unique identifier of a user.

Once logged in the UI will redirect us to the dashboard were we can get a summary with the status of all devices claimed by our companies. If we select some of the companies we can see how the summary is updated with the new aggregated data for those companies.
The first row shows the connectivity status of our devices. Here we have two concepts. A device is connected or online when the DMP client in it has an open MQTT connection with DMP. Also a device is In Sync when all configuration changes made on the plattform were applied to the device successfully. Of course, if the device never connected it never had the chance to be In Sync. Here we can see that X devices are currently connected but Y more device is In Sync. If we click on Devices in Sync we can see a device that is currently offline but before disconnecting applied all change requests.
Now when we come back to the Dashboard we can see three graphs. We test a variety of device types, that's why this pie chart is so partinioned. When using the plattform you'll probably have less types. The remaining graphs give a good overview for devices connected through cellular, a pretty common setup for customers that use our plattform. The connection type may be an early warning for the devices not having enough signal where they are located. The data usage is especially useful for customers with a global limit for all their SIMs. It may also reveal usage habits for the devices connected behind the router.
Finally the map shows the current location of the devices that report location. It is handy when we can better identify a device by it's location in the company's facilities. We can go from here directly to configure or monitor the device.

The next section in the left menu is Devices. This is the one and more important section in the UI and we dedicated most of our effort in adding useful functionality. Here we can work with the list of our devices and change their configuration too. Like the dashboard, the list of devices can be filtered by company. But we have many other filters that help us narrow the list to get exactly the ones we want. The first two toggle between two options, like online offline, and the last two allow us to add all options we want, for example tags. The search input will be applied to the fields MAC, Company, Serial Number, Group and Alias.
The sorting icon is also handy to find devices by his status, if we don't want to filter.
The bulk actions are located at the end of the page and require a view filtered by one company. If more than one company is selected the checkboxs are disabled. Once we select a list of devices we can apply a tag or a group to them or change their firmware.
If we want to claim a device and add it to our company we have this button here. The information we need to add here is scattered in the web interface of the device, but if you have the WebAccess DMP client already installed, you can see all values in one place.
Now we can talk about the configuration of one device in particular. There are three situations for a device and the UI will vary slightly in all of them. If a device is claimed to the company but never connected, the plattform ignores many things about it, in particular the firmware version, so when we go to edit a device that never connected we realise we need to choose a firmware version before editing the device. This is because different versions of a firmware vary in the properties that can be modified. Don't worry if you don't know the version of the firmware on your device. You can safely select the latest available and the device will ignore those properties that are not present in its firmware. A device can also be currently connected or connected at least once but now be disconnected. In the first case, let's pick this connected device, we can change some property and it will be applied immediately. You can see this icon changes to Sync almost right away. But if we select a disconnected device, let select this one, and we change the same property, the device becomes not in Sync and will stay there until it connects again and can receive the change request.
Monitoring data for a single device is really useful for devices connected through the cellular interface. If we go to this connected device monitoring, we can see graphs for the last 24 hours. Most of them will help us check the connection health, but there is also this graph, "Internal Conditions" that shows temperature and voltage.
If you need more data than the last 24 hours, you can access the tool that provide all this graphs, Grafana. Go to the address bar and append "grafana." to the url. In our case the address will be grafana.staging.wadmp.com. You will be logged in because your credentials are saved in the browser. Go to the Router Details dashboard and select the device you want, in this case XXYY. Initially you will also see the last 24 hours but here in the top right you can zoom out in the scale of time to see more information. Here you can see for example that the data usage is reset by the device after every reboot. That is why we see this ups and downs.
Coming back to the UI, lets go to the User Modules section for the same device. Here are all the ones installed on the device. You can change the properties just as you would do with the device's. For example, the Pinger User Module allows to set an address to ping. If we go back to the list of User Modules we can click in this button to manage the installations. Existing user modules can be upgraded, downgraded or uninstalled, and new ones can be added. Lastly, you can also see that this user module looks different and is tagged as unknown. This is because the plattform has no information about the user module or the version installed on the device. You can still uninstall it but you cannot change any property. Also there is a WebAccess DMP Client. This is the client that allows the connection to the plattform. That's the reason we cannot uninstall it.

The last two sections follow a similar layout and allow to manage Users and Companies. When we create a user we can also assign his companies and permissions in them. A user can only assign permissions he already has. Once the user was created he needs to confirm his email to start using the plattform. If not, we can re-send the request.
Although you belong to only one company, you can under some circumstances separate your devices in different companies, because they are managed differently. For example if you want to allow some users to access only a group of devices, or you want to see the aggregated graphs for those groups separately. On those cases, make all other companies have the first company as parent.

As explained in the "What is WebAccess DMP" discussion, the UI sits on top of the API. All the actions we can achieve with the UI execute API calls in the background.
So if you are exploring the API and want to know how the UI performs some activity, we recommend you to open the network console of your browser. In Chrome you can do it with CTRL + SHIFT + I and in Firefox with CTRL + SHIFT + E. When you use the UI the console will record all requests made to the API. There you can see the exact endpoints that were called and also the values sent.

Thank you for tuning in. Feel free to continue with the following tutorial, were you will learn more about companies and users.