## WebAccess/DMP version 2.1.0: 9th April 2020

This release was mainly for bug fixes. There were also a couple of minor changes to the public API.

### User Interface

* Bug fix: GPS location was not displayed on the map correctly.
* Bug fix: GPS locations on the map are now clustered automatically.
* Bug fix: Settings icon restored.
* Bug fix: Monitoring data would not display if the company name contained special characters.
* Bug fix: Ignore sections with no model, for unknown apps.
* Bug fix: In the Users view, Search now includes company names.
* Bug fix: Reset New User modal when closed.
* Disable permissions the user can't edit.

### Code

* Bug fix: SNMP messages were getting lost.
* Bug fix: Devices were sometimes reported as “offline” when they were “online”.
* Bug fix: Added SNMP support for ICR-1601 routers with A8 firmware.
* Bug fix: Use UTC time for all Monitoring data.
* Bug fix: Race condition in sync application versions.
* Changed default User permissions to include “Edit Companies”.
* REST API change: “GET users” has a new optional “search” parameter.
* REST API change: “default_user_permissions” are no longer included in a licence model.
* Bug fix: Support applications with only 2 characters in their name. For example, the “Midnight Commander” user module is named “mc” on the router’s file system. This User Module was causing devices to never sync.
* Minor typos fixed in the License endpoint.

### Content

* New version of the WA/DMP Client User Module: 2.0.3

### docs.wadmp.com

* Updated Jupyter Notebook “create_licence.ipynb” to match change in REST API.