## WebAccess/DMP version 2.3.0: 9th April 2021

The major new feature introduced by this release is **Billing**. 

* The default company billing status is "Free", which includes provisioning and management for up to 5 devices.    

* Company can be  upgraded to "Premium", which offers unlimited number of devices and API access, and is billed monthly.

### UI

* Major new feature: Support of billing (company type indication, invoices list).
* New feature: External OAuth/OpenID providers are now supported (new option on the Sign in form).
* New feature: SIM PIN in the device can be changed from the UI.
* Bug fix: Playbooks can now be sorted, filtered and searched. Default playbook list is ordered by creation date.
* Improvement: Subcompanies are now shown in the tree hierarchy under their parent company.
* Other minor UI improvements were done (Playbooks pagination, small screen adjustments, etc.).

### Code / API

* REST API: new endpoints for managing Companies (change of the company type in regard of billing).
* Bug fixes: Some numbers on dashboard were not properly calculated.

### Content

* Support of the latest WebAccess/DMP Client 2.0.10 and all the previous versions.
* Support of other new Router Apps (User Modules).
* Support of the latest router firmware 6.2.9 and all the previous versions.
* Support of new device models.


### docs.wadmp.com

* Added Billing Explained page. [[1]](https://docs.wadmp.com/explanations-discussions/billing.html)
* Added external authentication provider information to Sign up tutorial page [[2]](https://docs.wadmp.com/tutorials/sign-up.html)
* Updated API clients section in “Understanding OAuth” article. [[3]](https://docs.wadmp.com/explanations-discussions/understanding-oauth.html)
* Improved bulk configure clonnig script [[4]](https://github.com/wadmp/wadmp.github.io/tree/master/python_scripts/bulk_configure_new)
