## WebAccess/DMP version 2.3.1: 4th June 2021

* This release contains mainly the bugfixes. 

* The User Modules were renamed to **Router Apps** to be unified with other Advantech Router Apps sources. 


### UI

* Maintenance: The User Modules were renamed to Router Apps across the DMP.
* Improvement: The CSS styles were staticaly linked, so the 3rd party APIs are not used for this (prerequisite for deploying the app in private networks).
* Improvement: A user can now edit his e-mail.
* Improvement: The notice will pop up when moving the device to another group. Groups work like folders, the device can be in single group at a time. Tags can be used for multiple marking of the devices.
* Bug fixes: Fixed login web - corrected some redirects, fixed forms where labels were overlapping the autocompleted content, fixed incorrect behaviour in forms.
* Bug fixes: Fixed search in Users and Playbooks.


### Code / API

* Improvement: When deleting a user, it is now done properly, including e-mail, so the e-mail can be then reused for new sign up. Support of user's e-mail change was added. 
* Bug fixes: multiple Errors fixes of proper error type or proper error message, so the UI can show the errors properly.
* Bug fixes: fixed devices's startup script parsing that was causing sync problems in some cases.
* Bug fixes: fixed sync problems related to MQTT and to playbooks (completed with failure state did not show properly in some cases of playbook runs).
* Bug fixes: fixed sending of SNMP notifications.
* Bug fixes: fixed permissions of viewing apps that were not global.


### Content

* Renamed User Modules to Router Apps in the descriptions.
* Support of new Router Apps (formerly User Modules).
* Support of the latest router firmware 6.3.0 and all the previous versions.


### docs.wadmp.com

* Renamed User Modules to Router Apps - updated page [[1]](https://docs.wadmp.com/tutorials/configuring-user-modules.html)
* Added Tagging and Grouping Explanation [[2]](https://docs.wadmp.com/explanations-discussions/Grouping-and-tagging.html)
* Added Upgrade devices to the latest Firmware tutorial [[3]](https://docs.wadmp.com/tutorials/upgrade-fw.html)
