## WebAccess/DMP version 2.4.1: January 14 2022

### User Interface

#### Improvements:

* In Alerts some alertable fields (Temperature, Voltage) now allow float numbers in the rule value field, so the evaluation can be more precise (was integer before).

* Pagination option for 100 entries was added on all places in UI.

* Added delete devices permission as default for newly added Company Admins. Now when Company Admin is checked, it will automatically check delete device with other permissions. Note that this does apply only for newly created Company Admins, permissions of current users are not affected/changed in any way.


#### Bugfixes:

* Fixed sign-in for users in many companies (20+). This was caused by JWT token length. The length of the token was decreased significantly.

* Fixed avatar icons that showed more than 2 letters. Now only the first letters of the first two words are shown.

---

### Code / API

#### Improvements:

* Decreased length of the JWT token significantly, which solved the problems with sign-in and solved internal notification fails.

* Added support of float value for rule evaluation in Alerts (now for Temperature and Voltage).  

* The database that contains auditing data was optimized for better performance.

#### Bugfixes:

* Fixed GPS data not showing on the map on the dashboard for devices sending GPS position. There was an error related to reading from the database that caused this problem.

* Fixed the DEVICE_RELEASE action type in Auditing that was missing the company id.

* Fixed handling exception on API dashboard endpoint (/monitoring/devices/dashboard-statistics)

* Added handling of unparsable (unrecognizable) application version format, admin will be notified now (was causing internal exception).

* Fixed alerting produced an internal exception while saving auditing data.
  
* Fixed checks of company existence and MAC in Auditing API endpoint, which was causing an internal exception.

---

### Content

#### Bugfixes:

* Fixed inconsistencies between Application names in a device and in the database record, which caused internal exceptions.